Style application (#251)
openforis/sepal-doc: docs/source/_templates/index.rst

Note: The top three apps (2) are code editors, not apps: 

-   R Studio: Provides access to the R environment where you can run processing scripts and upload data to your SEPAL folder.
-   Jupyter Notebook: An open-source web application that allows you to create and share documents that contain live code, equations, visualizations and narrative text (supports Kernels in many different languages, including R, Python and NodesJS).
-   JupyterLab: A web-based interactive development environment for Jupyter notebooks, code and data.

.. thumbnail:: ../_images/module/index/dashboard.png
    :title: The landing page of the dashboard of the application.

To find the application you're looking for, you can navigate through the different app pages (3), use tags (4), or utilize the search bar (5).

Once the desired application is found, select it to initiate the process. This will start the smallest instance to run the SEPAL sandbox (:code:`t1`). 

Refer to the next section to start a specific instance manually.

.. note:: 

>     Applications that include a :icon:`fas fab-google` in their descriptor require a connection to Google Earth Engine (GEE) to run. For more information, see `Connect GEE and SEPAL <../setup/gee.html#connection-between-gee-and-sepal>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Applications that include a :icon:`fas fab-google` in their descriptor require a connection to Google Earth Engine (GEE) to run. For more information, see :doc:`../setup/gee`.
```

    
.. important:: 

    To avoid disturbances in the application workflow, avoid stopping instances manually and disconnecting from SEPAL. While completed work will be available in SEPAL folders, you will need to restart the process in order to finish.

Start instance manually
-----------------------

Some applications require more powerful instances than the default :code:`t1`. If the app documentation requires the user to start a specific instance type (e.g. a GPU machine :code:`g4` or :code:`g8`), follow these steps prior to initiating the application. 
Some applications require more powerful instances than the default :code:`t1`. If the app documentation requires the user to start a specific instance type (e.g. a GPU machine :code:`g4` or :code:`g8`), follow these steps prior to initiating the application:

> #.  Go to the SEPAL terminal and wait for the instance selector to start.

Reviewer: any reason why you replaced the "#" (which is automatically numbered by Sphinx by hard coded numbers ?
